Update README.md with side note regarding Emmet configuration (#11)
wintercms/vscode-extension: README.md

The YAML validation will require the [YAML plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml) provided by Red Hat. This will be installed automatically with this extension.

> ## Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional notes
```

> To enable Emmet in `.htm` files, add `"wintercms": "html"` to `emmet.includeLanguages` setting in your `settings.json` in vscode.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable [Emmet features](https://docs.emmet.io/) in theme templates, add the following to the `emmet.includeLanguages` setting in your `settings.json` in VSCode.
```
